right now I'm going to do an interview
party is tonight
where are we doing the interview we're
doing the interviewing
that's the situation
I
me
not obviously
Oh
interview inhib-a-line blocker
and we did it in the club first time
yeah
we talked about know
look who I just met this is this is the
Internet manifested into reality and
then also Jax here by the way we can
Jack this and he does a lot of cool tech
videos I'm following him on the internet
sphere for a while so what what's okay
what's your favorite
I went to Spain last July 4th weekend
and rode that actual hoverboard that
Lexus made for a promotional event it
has 4 million views on the Berges
YouTube channel that's probably be my
most proud and sort of Texas nice okay
yes lover boy did actually work your
guest levitated about
half an inch off the ground and it only
works for like 20 minutes because it was
so hot yeah but check out the video
check it out guys and check out this
dude he's incredible whoo we'll hang out
in New York algebra says freaking love
VidCon I have been meeting so many
amazing people interviewing Devin was
incredible
seriously the nicest guy ever Devin
Devin collab in the future
where I got the especially for you man
with the our
pretty sick setup I'm pumped about that
it looks really good so I explained to
me what was on top so these are all like
like 500 of the most easy feature videos
from the app the drums and we've
basically put them together put this
little animation
and here we go hello you want to see in
the front sure let's do this thank you
we are rolling up to the Samsung party
in a beam car jack is telling people but
Casey is in a car you cannot hey we did
that last time we got into a car last
year me Casey and Jerome Jarre oh gosh
please kid I know her driving on the
street and he's chasing us like Forrest
Gump we're driving down this road here
I'm sprinting but then there's like
traffic so we keep stopping and it
catches up to him oh my god she doesn't
know what to do so he's just like waves
and then the car goes again it starts
printing that's the book of um snippet
of code okay
there is so much blogging going on right
yeah it's mark Sarah did something
pretty insane for a 360 video cousin got
mark got snacks this is Nigel Nigel so
Nigel is a BMXer from New York oh the
man himself here comes what is this
torture chamber of a room you guys have
that here so your name and just a little
blurb of what your video your 360 videos
about yep I'm Nigel Sylvester and my 360
video consists of my friends and I
riding around New York City rest of
their life I'm Ben Brown in my video is
about humans basically I do a little
voiceover and talk about I don't I get
too much way you have to watch it guys
name is Mark Miller and mine wasn't very
deep like yours was so but we had a we
host a little Meetup and we threw water
balloons at each other that's not a
circle water balloons yet the camera's
not waterproof by the way I'm Evan
Gregory from the Gregory Brothers and we
shot a couple music videos where the
cameras in the performers in the round
and it experienced it that way I love it
I'm Megan Mattoon and I danced a lot yes
every video I filmed in the comments are
it's happening Casey thumbnail what's a
good girl Mary I can't believe it happen
we happen again
well we Roman I would do oh my god is
not it that's perfect yeah question mark
he actually did it yeah that's a good
one man I'm just gonna buy name every
single log of the rose and once we saw
the video because I of course like madam
in America I was like no I like the
video to Sony yeah but then I look at
your other work okay I was like this is
like and that means so much like
seriously you don't you guys get lucky
instead of have those words for you or
me it's about to start
Ruby was about to start go into a squad
out
never
there's a
he's watching my video he might be
did you might be better sitting down
breathes in Korean that's all I wear I
just got back from the Adobe party it
was after Samsung one met so many lovely
people and talked to so many awesome
creators and just people in business uh
but let's just back on up a little bit
talk about what just happened a few
months ago I made a video that caught
Casey's attention and he shouted out my
channel and I slightly blew up because
of him and then he included me on this
insane Samsung 360 project and I was
given you know the camera the whole set
up and made a 360 video along with these
other amazing creators and we were at
his event we did a little panel and then
people viewed our movies in 360 and it
was just so crazy to hear people's
feedback and see people watching the 360
videos on the VR headsets and it's so
cool to be a part of this panel of just
amazing creators it was freaking amazing
just to be amongst them I was a creator
and it I just it was I said amazing too
many times it's so cool to of course
have other creators like these huge
creators acknowledge your work but then
it's like a whole nother thing to have
just people who you have no idea who
they are to come up to you when you're
walking through the halls or whatever
and like introduce themselves and tell
you how my work has inspired them in
some way I mean that is just like it
reminds me like why I do what I do and I
love the stuff that I make but of course
it's to share it it's meant to share
it's been a very emotionally draining
day in a good way of just so many people
showing the love like sharing the love
and AH internet I love you I love you
guys
it's so cool about daily vlogs is like
I'm capturing this moment of how amazing
this feels to have incredible you know
other creators in my life a company like
Adobe who is just full of amazing human
beings who support me in everything I do
and yeah it's just it's cool
whoa what a freaking day okay you kill
it have an amazing day I will see you in
the next one stay peachy okay bye so he
has a 7s mark - what lens is that 16 to
35 yep no series I have I have my 70 to
200 lens I have my zeiss 85 lens I have
my Canon 50 lens so I'm going to get
like a lot of nice close-up tight shots
and then I'm rocking the monopod so if
you're at VidCon you're probably going
to see me running around with like a
lightsaber looking camera